What are you thinking?
What do you think the emperor wants to do?
Don't worry, I'm here.
You don't believe me?
Because of Fang Xiaoxiao?
Wanyue, I really have nothing to do with him
At first, it was just a joke from the emperor
You don't admit it, but I only like you
Since I met you
I never wanted to marry anyone else
You said before that you would marry me
It's just a matter of interest
It wasn't me, I was just
I still haven't figured out my own feelings
If you like me
You can't have sex, concubine Cefei, etc
Ma Yun, I would like to
I just never heard you say it
Didn't react
If you promise, don't go back
I will never regret it.
Something really happened to him.